And you don't seem to see that sort of...
A lot of the experiences I had then don't seem to happen now.
I just don't know if the animals were as...
I just get the feeling like they're...
I always get the feeling they're hungrier,
you know, they're more harassed.
You know, life isn't as good out there
from as it was 30, 40 years ago.
I think, you know, they're massively intelligent social animals.
You know, they're not having as good a time as they had.
You know, life isn't as good from out there as it was.
It's noisier, it's probably dirtier.
But certainly noisier.
So, just definitely get a different vibe off them these days, you know?
Yeah, yes.
Which is hard to sort of explain scientifically or put a finger on,
but I'm sure of it, you know?
I mean, those animals that I was looking at,
you know, they'd just stop and snack on...
You know, huge shells of mackerel if they wanted, or herring.
Not so much herring, but herring have been pretty...
But it's still around then, it's still there.
But huge shells of mackerel, you know, the bass,
the seabed was much richer.